# **Project Euryale**
## **The ETA Group**
### **Team Overview**
- Hans Quiogue : _hansquiogue_
- Jackson Callaghan: _jackson-callaghan-school_
- John Tan: _weijohntan_

#### **Inovative Idea**

Our group wants to improve the Dungeons and Dragons (D&D) experience by making the character creation sheet portion of the game more convenient to use. Often times, when most D&D players utilize character creation sheets, they'll use a physical copy that's static—the process of creating a character in the game can be incredibly boring and tedious with the game's complex and long rules. Some don't even know that character creation sheet websites exist! There are a lot of available online character creation sheets, but most of them are outdated and complicated. That is why our group is creating this project. Our goal is to create a website that lets D&D users have an automated character sheet that's easy to use and centralized in a space with nice visuals. The website will be convenient for D&D users since they'll be able to plug in their statistics, from backgrounds, skill points, and more, and the website will be able to convert the input into the correct format so that users don't have to manually do any calculations. The website will also enable a greater D&D experience aswell since it will allow a user to import their personal touches to their characters, such as an image of their character. The website will also look modern and be straightforward to use.Overall, the idea of this project is to not make something super innovated, but rather to create a product that will be convenient to a very niche group of individuals and improve their gaming experience.

### **Important Components**

The main functionality of our application is to take in various user inputs from a DnD character sheet. Using a DnD character sheet can be a fairly grueling and complex task—when starting a new game, it might even take hours for a group with beginners to fill everything in the sheet in, and the game hasn't even started! Our website will be able to take in a user's character sheet input and automatically output back the correct calculated statistics and values. For example, a user could input their skills to their character and our website will account for skill bonuses and automatically update the value based on the bonus. Our website will allow creativity for users and enable them to personalize their characters. A feature could be allowing them to upload an image of their character—a normal character sheet won't even have a spot for a user to visualize their character! Our website could also be include a dice roller, as the die is a vital part of the game.